Improve manage console access docs (#4459)
wso2/docs-is: en/identity-server/next/docs/guides/your-is/manage-console-access.md

{% set wso2_is_console_access_note = "
## Accessing the WSO2 Identity Server Console

> To access the WSO2 Identity Server Console, you need to have the required permissions and the URL of the Console. This can be achieved by navigating to the console through a web browser using the following URL format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the {{product_name}} Console, you need to have the required permissions and the URL of the Console. This can be achieved by navigating to the console through a web browser using the following URL format:
```

Author: Placeholders are not resolvable in the places we set the values to variables. Since this is IS specific page having the product name will not be a problem.

   ```
   https://<hostname>:<port>/console
   ```

> For example, if you are using the default port, the URL will be `https://localhost:9443/console`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you are using the host and default port, the URL will be `https://localhost:9443/console`.
```

Author: Fixed and updated the PR

> Upon navigating to this URL, you will be presented by the login screen of the WSO2 Identity Server. Use your credentials to log in to the Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon navigating to this URL, you will be presented by the login screen of the {{product_name}}. Use your credentials to log in to the Console.
```

Author: Placeholders are not resolvable in the places we set the values to variables. Since this is IS specific page having the product name will not be a problem.
